cancellation

noelani:
	I have the right to cancel and refund the money to you for your commission at any time.
	You have no right to cancel or demand a refund from the artist under any circumstances after payment is received.
	If payment has not been made, the commissioner has the right to cancel the commission.

	If you file a chargeback against me, your right to everything I have ever made for you will be retracted and I have the right to sell the copyrighted artwork to new buyers.*
	You will be forbidden to commission me ever again.
	Your name will be publicly posted everywhere as a name I want others to watch out for. 
	I also have a right to file a complaint and I have a right to all of the money you have given me.

	*This only applies to artwork that does not contain copyrighted characters. (Such as line art, bases, backgrounds, or scenery.)

	Any statement can be bound to change if discussed with me prior to the commission.

naahva:
	▪️ If I cannot finish your commission due to an issue on my end, you will get a full refund.

	((I recommend either this - or "a refund, in proportion to how far I got."
	In case someone orders a full artwork, but I could only do the sketch - the lineart, of the flat colors, I substract the worht of how many stages are complete.
	This could also be where the rights to have a different artist finish it - or not - could be distributed. ))

hettie:
	•​ ​REFUND POLICY: 
	-If you want to cancel a commission before I've begun working on it, you'll be refunded 
	90% of the original cost.  
	-If a commission is already in progress, you will be partially refunded depending on how 
	much I've completed. 
	-No refunds on completed work or YCH's! 

stealth nachos:
	I may change these terms at any time to better fit my current working environment.
	When requesting a refund for work that has been claimed but hasn’t been started, I will refund %100 of the payment. If I’ve finished the initial sketch, I will refund %75 of the payment and provide the sketch to the buyer. If I’ve laid out local colors, I will refund %50 of the payment and provide whatever I have at the time. After this point I will no longer provide a refund of any amount, I will however finish the piece and provide the buyer with the finished piece.
	I may cancel the piece at any time. If I choose to cancel the piece I will provide the buyer with a full refund and anything I’ve completed up to that point.

