general-terms


noelani:
	Please be professional and polite when contacting me for any reason regarding commissions. 
	Be prepared to provide clean references of your character(s), or be able to provide a detailed description of them. 
	Harassment, rudeness, or any other ill behavior may result in your commission being cancelled, and a refund will not be issued.
	Follow all rules provided within my journals, YCH or adoptable deviations.
	I have a right to decline a commission for any reason, including you not following the rules provided by me.


naahva:
	▪️ I reserve the Right to decline Commissions for any reasons.

	((I guess it's not necessary since it should be a given, but I mention it regardless.))

	▪️ I prefer working without deadlines, for my Usual Completion Times are usually only 1-7 Days per piece.
	However, if a deadline is established in beforehand, I can work with them really well.
	For this Item, the deadline is.... (insert date, if deadline was established)

	Now, usually I would recommend deadlines.
	There is a huge ton of artists in the fandom who take months to finish their commissions because they either take on all they can get - or they just...take their sweeeeeeeeet, sweeeeeeeeeeeeeet time - or it's a combo of both.
	Since I'm absolutely behind delivering my commissions within a week, I allow myself to work without deadlines - unless, as the TOS states, there needs to be one.
	(Surprise birthday gift - valentine's art, yaddayadda)

	So you might wanna give artists the options to:

	- don't specify a deadline at all
	- specify a time-frame (example: 2 to 4 weeks, or like my 1 to 7 days)
	- exact deadlines they can customize themselves

	▪️ Absolutely be polite.
	Rudeness, Threats, Harassment, repeatedly asking for updates within an unreasonable time-frame, or spamming me with private messages are reasons for me to cancel your commission and issue a refund, depending on how far I already am.
	Abusive behaviour is not tolerated and will lead to a cancelation & a block.

	((For me, this is an absolute must. I am a shy, soft person who hates conflict - thus I demand my clients to be polite. they don't have to shower me with praise - but... basic humand decency, n such.
	I don't want people to get snarky, or overly sarcastic with me.
	Given how rude some people can be, something like this would be a great option for the pre-built TOS.
	Especially the sections of "not repeatedly asking for updates within unreasonable time-frames"
	and maybe not to be spammed with private messages.
	I know artists who like to stay in touch w their clients - I personally don't often do it but don't midn some slight chatting here and there - and then, there are many artists who don't like it at all, because they are very popular, thus have tons of clients - and thus simply don't have the time, or the will to keep up with so much chit-chatting : 3))
	▪️ You are commissioning me for my Style, thus the Image you receive will be similar, but keep in mind that Style always changes a little with every picture.

	((Pretty self-explanatory! ))

	▪️ If I find your behaviour to be absolutely unreasonable
	(rudeness, threats of any kind, harassment, not being clear about what you want, demandinding things which always contradict themselves, or simply not being able to communicate in clear sentences and proper English, or German with me), there will be no refund in case I have already started.

	((Very similar to the point about politeness - but still different enough for me to deserve it's on point.
	The thing is, clients will often contradict themselves - or change their opinion every 20 minutes - and this all on the artist's back. Likewise, if I deem someone's language skills too bad in order to properly discuss what they want - or if I feel they cannot understand my TOS, I might turn them down. Since all of these are mistakes made by the client, I do not offer refunds on these.))

